Add a doc to introduce how to use e2e to test itself (#119)
apache/skywalking-infra-e2e: test/e2e/README.md

# Use E2E to test itself

After updating the features of e2e, you can use the files in the test/e2e/ directory to perform testing for both new and old features of e2e.

> You can perform testing locally. And when you submit a pull request (PR), GitHub Actions will automatically run the tests.

Reviewer: You need also introduce how this work, such as the outer e2e and the inner e2e.

- `test/e2e`
    - `concurrency`
        - `fail-fast` (concurrency & fail-fast mode)
          - `internal`
            - `expected.yaml` 
            - `verify.yaml` (configuration file for the inner infra E2E(concurrency & fail-fast))
          - `expected.yaml`
        - `non-fail-fast` (concurrency & non-fail-fast mode)
          - `internal`
              - `expected.yaml`
              - `verify.yaml` (configuration file for the inner infra E2E(concurrency & non-fail-fast))
          - `expected.yaml`
    - `non-concurrency` 
        - `fail-fast` (non-concurrency & fail-fast mode)
            - `internal`
              - `expected.yaml`
              - `verify.yaml` (configuration file for the inner infra E2E(non-concurrency & fail-fast))
            - `expected.yaml`
        - `non-fail-fast` (non-concurrency & non-fail-fast mode)
            - `internal`
                - `expected.yaml`
                - `verify.yaml` (configuration file for the inner infra E2E(non-concurrency & non-fail-fast))
            - `expected.yaml`
    - `docker-compose.yaml` (run a httpbin container, which can return YAML data)
    - `e2e.yaml` (configuration file for the outer infra E2E)

> ## Tips

Reviewer: One detailed example is enough, the purpose of the readme is to tell new contributors how to add new cases for their changes.

### concurrency & fail-fast mode

> - We add `&& sleep=5` in `query`of the last few cases, to make sure that there will be cases to be skipped.

Reviewer: This can be added as comments to related yaml files

  |- e2e
    |- concurrency
      |- fail-fast (concurrency & fail-fast mode)
        |- internal
          |- expected.yaml 
          |- verify.yaml (configuration file)
        |- expected.yaml
      |- non-fail-fast (concurrency & non-fail-fast mode)
        |- internal
          |- expected.yaml
          |- verify.yaml (configuration file)
        |- expected.yaml
    |- non-concurrency 
      |- fail-fast (non-concurrency & fail-fast mode)
        |- internal
          |- expected.yaml
          |- verify.yaml (configuration file )
        |- expected.yaml
      |- non-fail-fast (non-concurrency & non-fail-fast mode)
        |- internal
          |- expected.yaml
          |- verify.yaml (configuration file)
        |- expected.yaml
  |- docker-compose.yaml (run a httpbin container, which can return YAML data)
  |- e2e.yaml (configuration file for the outer infra E2E)

```
### How it works
#### Basic flow of SkyWalking Infra E2E
1. Set up a environment for testing
2. Spin up the system under test (SUT), prepare necessary dependencies
3. Trigger or give inputs to SUT, get outputs from SUT
4. Compare the actual outputs and the expected outputs
#### Use 'httpbin' to test E2E

> We use the docker container of 'httpbin' as the SUT, which can receive the 'query' of E2E and return YAML data to E2E.After receiving the YAML data from 'httpbin', the E2E will compare the YAML data with the expected YAML file. At last, the E2E will generate a summary of the result.

Reviewer: In fact, `httpbin` is the SUT for the internal e2e, right? For the external e2e, the SUT is the internal e2e.

#### USe E2E to test itself

> We use the E2E(released version) to test E2E(dev version) of each mode. The E2E(released version) will compare the summary of E2E of each mode with the expected file. If the summary is as expected, the test of that mode is passed.

Reviewer: I think this information is the most important in the doc, we need to tell readers earlier.

## How to add new cases
### 1. add cases in '/internal/verify.yaml' of each mode
before:
```
  cases:
    - name: case-1
      query: 'curl -s 127.0.0.1:8080/get?case=success -H "accept: application/json"'
      expected: ./expected.yaml
    - name: case-2
      query: 'curl -s 127.0.0.1:8080/get?case=success -H "accept: application/json"'
      expected: ./expected.yaml
    - name: case-3
      query: 'curl -s 127.0.0.1:8080/get?case=success -H "accept: application/json"'
      expected: ./expected.yaml
```

> after(add a new case named 'case-4'):

Reviewer: No need to use `before` and `after`, just one code block, and use comments to show the added case

failed:
  - case-6
skipped:
  - case-7
  - case-8
  - case-9
passedCount: 5
failedCount: 1
skippedCount: 3
```
add the name of the cases to 'passed','failed' or 'skipped'. And add the number of cases on 'passedCount','failedCount' and 'skippedCount'.
- concurrency & fail-fast mode
```passed:
{{range .passed}}
- {{ if hasPrefix . "passed" }}{{.}}{{ end }}
{{end}}
failed:
{{range .failed}}
- {{ if hasPrefix . "failed" }}{{.}}{{ end }}
{{end}}
skipped:
{{range .skipped}}
- {{.}}
{{end}}
passedCount: {{le .passedCount x}}
failedCount: {{le .failedCount y}}
skippedCount: {{subtractor z .passedCount .failedCount}} 
```
change the number of cases on 'x' of 'passedCount', 'y' of 'failedCount' and 'z' of 'skippedCount'.
- concurrency & non-fail-fast mode
```passed:
{{- contains .passed}}
- passed-case-1
- passed-case-2
- passed-case-4
- passed-case-5
- passed-case-7
- passed-case-8
{{- end}}
failed:
{{- contains .failed }}
- failed-case-3
- failed-case-6
- failed-case-9
{{- end }}
skipped: []
passedCount: 6
failedCount: 3
skippedCount: 0
```
add the name of the cases to 'passed','failed' or 'skipped'. And add the number of cases on 'passedCount','failedCount' and 'skippedCount'.

## Tips

> - entered the 'skywalking-infra-e2e' directory, use 'make e2e-test' to run the test locally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can use `make e2e-test` to run the test locally
```

> - you may need to split your PR to pass e2e tests in CI

Reviewer: Could you add some explanation?

passedCount: 5
failedCount: 1
skippedCount: 3
```
add the name of the cases to 'passed','failed' or 'skipped'. And add the number of cases on 'passedCount','failedCount' and 'skippedCount'.
- concurrency & fail-fast mode
```passed:
{{range .passed}}
- {{ if hasPrefix . "passed" }}{{.}}{{ end }}
{{end}}
failed:
{{range .failed}}
- {{ if hasPrefix . "failed" }}{{.}}{{ end }}
{{end}}
skipped:
{{range .skipped}}
- {{.}}
{{end}}
passedCount: {{le .passedCount x}}
failedCount: {{le .failedCount y}}
skippedCount: {{subtractor z .passedCount .failedCount}} 
```
change the number of cases on 'x' of 'passedCount', 'y' of 'failedCount' and 'z' of 'skippedCount'.
- concurrency & non-fail-fast mode
```passed:
{{- contains .passed}}
- passed-case-1
- passed-case-2
- passed-case-4
- passed-case-5
- passed-case-7
- passed-case-8
{{- end}}
failed:
{{- contains .failed }}
- failed-case-3
- failed-case-6
- failed-case-9
{{- end }}
skipped: []
passedCount: 6
failedCount: 3
skippedCount: 0
```
add the name of the cases to 'passed','failed' or 'skipped'. And add the number of cases on 'passedCount','failedCount' and 'skippedCount'.

## Tips
- You can use `make e2e-test` to run the test locally

> - you may need to split your PR to pass e2e tests in CI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You may need to split your PR to pass e2e tests in CI
```
